tools/mac-client/README.md, before:

# King-Phisher Client on Mac

The only two requirements for running the King-Phisher client on a Mac are [Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/#download-docker-for-mac) and [XQuartz](https://www.xquartz.org/). Docker for Mac runs the Linux container the King-Phisher client is installed into, and XQuartz which provides the X11 display for the King-Phisher client to render to.

## Install and configure XQuartz

1. Install XQuartz for Mac:
    `brew install cask xquartz` or https://www.xquartz.org/
2. Start xquartz from Applications > Utilities
3. Configure network connections so docker containers can connect to the X11 server
    XQuartz Menu > Preferences > Security > [✓] Allow connections from network clients

## Install Docker for Mac

1. Install docker for Mac:
    https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/#download-docker-for-mac

## Build and run king-phisher docker container
In Terminal.app, run
1. Whitelist your machine's IP address to connect to the X11 server
    ```
    ip=$(ifconfig en0 | grep inet | awk '$1=="inet" {print $2}')
    xhost + $ip
    ```
2. Build the docker image. This will probably take 20+ minutes
    ```
    docker build -t king-phisher .
    ```
3. Run the docker container. The mounted volumes are for connecting to the X11 display and saving the King-Phisher preferences to your home directory.
    ```
    docker run -d -e DISPLAY=$ip:0 -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix -v ~/.config:/root/.config king-phisher
    ```

_Note: You can remove the `-d` from the docker command above to see King-Phisher logs for troubleshooting._

## Troubleshooting
### King-Phisher won't start and shows an error about not being able to connect to DISPLAY
Make sure that XQuartz is running, and your external IP is authorized to connect. You should see similar to the following when running xhost in a terminal:
```
$ xhost
access control enabled, only authorized clients can connect
INET:[YOUR.EXTERNAL.IP.HERE]
```
You can test that XQuartz is working by running `xcalc` from the terminal using the external display connection.
```
DISPLAY=$ip:0 xcalc
```

### XQuartz is closed but the app icon is still present in the Dock
This is a bug in the Dock and Finder services in Mac OS. To fix run the following in a terminal:
```
sudo killall Finder
sudo killall Dock
```

Commit message:

Include a shared volume under ~/Documents
... for importing and exporting documents, templates, etc.

tools/mac-client/README.md, after:

# King-Phisher Client on Mac

The only two requirements for running the King-Phisher client on a Mac are [Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/#download-docker-for-mac) and [XQuartz](https://www.xquartz.org/). Docker for Mac runs the Linux container the King-Phisher client is installed into, and XQuartz which provides the X11 display for the King-Phisher client to render to.

## Install and configure XQuartz

1. Install XQuartz for Mac:
    `brew install cask xquartz` or https://www.xquartz.org/
2. Start xquartz from Applications > Utilities
3. Configure network connections so docker containers can connect to the X11 server
    XQuartz Menu > Preferences > Security > [✓] Allow connections from network clients

## Install Docker for Mac

1. Install docker for Mac:
    https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/#download-docker-for-mac

## Build and run king-phisher docker container
In Terminal.app, run
1. Whitelist your machine's IP address to connect to the X11 server
    ```
    ip=$(ifconfig en0 | grep inet | awk '$1=="inet" {print $2}')
    xhost + $ip
    ```
2. Build the docker image. This will probably take 20+ minutes
    ```
    docker build -t king-phisher .
    ```
3. Run the docker container. The mounted volumes are for connecting to the X11 display and saving the King-Phisher preferences to your home directory and a shared volume for importing and exporting.
    ```
    docker run -d -e DISPLAY=$ip:0 -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix -v ~/.config:/root/.config -v ~/Documents/king-phisher:/root/Documents king-phisher
    ```

_Note: You can remove the `-d` from the docker command above to see King-Phisher logs for troubleshooting._

## Troubleshooting
### King-Phisher won't start and shows an error about not being able to connect to DISPLAY
Make sure that XQuartz is running, and your external IP is authorized to connect. You should see similar to the following when running xhost in a terminal:
```
$ xhost
access control enabled, only authorized clients can connect
INET:[YOUR.EXTERNAL.IP.HERE]
```
You can test that XQuartz is working by running `xcalc` from the terminal using the external display connection.
```
DISPLAY=$ip:0 xcalc
```

### XQuartz is closed but the app icon is still present in the Dock
This is a bug in the Dock and Finder services in Mac OS. To fix run the following in a terminal:
```
sudo killall Finder
sudo killall Dock
```
