docs/source/development/style_guide.rst, before:

Style Guide
===========

It's important for a project to have a standardized style for it's code. The
King Phisher project, being a Python project follows the PEP-8_ style guide
with the following notable exceptions:

* Do use hard tabs instead of spaces.
* Do not use more than one consecutive blank line, ever.
* Do limit lines of code to 120 characters long instead of 79.

   * Do limit documentation lines to 80 characters long.

* Do use single quotes for strings with the exception of template strings (such
  as those used by ``str.format``) and documentation strings which should use
  triple double-quotes.
* Optionally use additional spaces within a line for visual grouping. For
  example, when defining a long list of constants use additional spaces after
  the name and before the value to align all the values on the right.

Multi Line Indentation
----------------------

Use hanging indentation for parenthesized statements. This is to say, the last
non-whitespace character of the line should be the opening parenthesis with
each subsequent line being indented until the closing parenthesis. Furthermore,
in the case that this style is used, each expression should be on a separate
line.

Example:

.. code-block:: python

   # good (standard one-line invocation)
   this_function(takes_two, different_arguments)

   # good (multi-line invocation)
   this_other_function_has_a_longer_name(
       and_also_takes_two,
       different_arguments
   )

   # bad
   this_other_function_has_a_longer_name(and_one_argument_up_here,
       and_another_down_here
   )

This same style is applied to multi-line list, tuple and dictionary
definitions with the bracket, or curly-brace taking the place of the
opening and closing parenthesis as appropriate.

Special Method Names
--------------------

Some functions (and methods) have special prefixes or suffixes to denote
specific compatibility.

+-------------+--------+--------------------------+
| Name        | Type   | Details                  |
+-------------+--------+--------------------------+
| ``_tsafe``  | Suffix | Non-Main GUI thread safe |
+-------------+--------+--------------------------+
| ``signal_`` | Prefix | GTK signal handler       |
+-------------+--------+--------------------------+

English Verbiage
----------------

Use full, complete and grammatically correct sentences for all documentation
purposes. This includes class, function, attribute, and parameter
documentation. Additionally, proper sentences should be used for any messages
that are displayed to end users with the notable exception of log messages. Log
messages are to be entirely lowercase with the exception of acronyms which are
currently inconsistently cased. Either all capital letters or all lower case
letters are acceptable for acronyms within log messages.

Documentation
-------------

When documenting a function, use the grammar provided by Sphinx_. Documentation
strings should be surrounded by triple double quotes (``"""``). There should be
a single blank line between the body of the description and the parameter and
return definitions.

.. code-block:: python

   def add_two_numbers(x, y):
       """
       Add two values specified as *x* and *y* together returning their sum.

       :param int x: The value for the first number to return.
       :param int y: The value for the second number to return.
       :return: The sum of the two values.
       :rtype: int
       """
       return x + y

Native Python types are able to be specified on the ``:param`` line. More
complex types, such instances of classes defined by modules in the project must
be defined on a separate line using a dedicated ``:type`` annotation. See the
Sphinx documentation for the `Python Domain`_.

.. code-block:: rst

   :param foo: The widget this function uses.
   :type foo: :py:class:`~the_full.module_path_to.Foo`

CLI Arguments
-------------

For utilities which take arguments on the command line, the following default
values should be supported.

+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Argument Flag        | Meaning                       |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| ``-h / --help``      | Display help information      |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| ``-v / --version``   | Display version information   |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| ``-V / --verbose`` * | Enable verbose output         |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| ``-L / --log`` *     | Set the log level to use      |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+

\* These values are optional, but should not be overridden.

Log Levels
----------
When logging messages, the following levels should be used as described.

CRITICAL
   Reserved for when an unrecoverable error has occurred that stops the
   application from running.

   Examples:

   * A required library, module or resource file is missing.
   * An unknown exception occurs which is raised to the main method of an
     application.

ERROR
   A recoverable error has occurred that stops the process from functioning as
   intended.

   Examples:

   * On a client, the user fails to authenticate successfully.
   * A network socket failed to connect to a server.

WARNING
   A recoverable error has occurred that does not stop the process from
   functioning as intended.

   Examples:

   * On a server, a user fails to authenticate successfully.
   * When information provided by the user is invalid and the user can be
     prompted for new information.

INFO
   High level information regarding what is happening in an application, should
   be use sparingly within loops.

   Examples:

   * Listing resources that are being loaded and processed.
   * The child pid when ``fork()`` is used.

DEBUG
   Low level information regarding what is happening in an application including
   the values of variables, this may be used more frequently within loops.

   Examples:

   * Printing identifying information for threads that are spawned.
   * Printing the value of arguments that are passed into functions.

.. _PEP-8: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
.. _Python Domain: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/domains.html#the-python-domain
.. _Sphinx: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/domains.html

Commit message:

Document the new async client RPC methods

docs/source/development/style_guide.rst, after:

Style Guide
===========

It's important for a project to have a standardized style for it's code. The
King Phisher project, being a Python project follows the PEP-8_ style guide
with the following notable exceptions:

* Do use hard tabs instead of spaces.
* Do not use more than one consecutive blank line, ever.
* Do limit lines of code to 120 characters long instead of 79.

   * Do limit documentation lines to 80 characters long.

* Do use single quotes for strings with the exception of template strings (such
  as those used by ``str.format``) and documentation strings which should use
  triple double-quotes.
* Optionally use additional spaces within a line for visual grouping. For
  example, when defining a long list of constants use additional spaces after
  the name and before the value to align all the values on the right.

Multi Line Indentation
----------------------

Use hanging indentation for parenthesized statements. This is to say, the last
non-whitespace character of the line should be the opening parenthesis with
each subsequent line being indented until the closing parenthesis. Furthermore,
in the case that this style is used, each expression should be on a separate
line.

Example:

.. code-block:: python

   # good (standard one-line invocation)
   this_function(takes_two, different_arguments)

   # good (multi-line invocation)
   this_other_function_has_a_longer_name(
       and_also_takes_two,
       different_arguments
   )

   # bad
   this_other_function_has_a_longer_name(and_one_argument_up_here,
       and_another_down_here
   )

This same style is applied to multi-line list, tuple and dictionary
definitions with the bracket, or curly-brace taking the place of the
opening and closing parenthesis as appropriate.

Special Method Names
--------------------

Some functions (and methods) have special prefixes or suffixes to denote
specific compatibility. Prefixes are permitted to be either preceded by a single
or double underscore to denote internal or private use respectively.

+-------------------+--------+-------------------------------------+
| Name              | Type   | Details                             |
+-------------------+--------+-------------------------------------+
| ``_tsafe``        | Suffix | Non-Main GUI thread safe            |
+-------------------+--------+-------------------------------------+
| ``async_rpc_cb_`` | Prefix | An asynchronous client RPC callback |
+-------------------+--------+-------------------------------------+
| ``signal_``       | Prefix | GTK signal handler                  |
+-------------------+--------+-------------------------------------+

English Verbiage
----------------

Use full, complete and grammatically correct sentences for all documentation
purposes. This includes class, function, attribute, and parameter
documentation. Additionally, proper sentences should be used for any messages
that are displayed to end users with the notable exception of log messages. Log
messages are to be entirely lowercase with the exception of acronyms which are
currently inconsistently cased. Either all capital letters or all lower case
letters are acceptable for acronyms within log messages.

Documentation
-------------

When documenting a function, use the grammar provided by Sphinx_. Documentation
strings should be surrounded by triple double quotes (``"""``). There should be
a single blank line between the body of the description and the parameter and
return definitions.

.. code-block:: python

   def add_two_numbers(x, y):
       """
       Add two values specified as *x* and *y* together returning their sum.

       :param int x: The value for the first number to return.
       :param int y: The value for the second number to return.
       :return: The sum of the two values.
       :rtype: int
       """
       return x + y

Native Python types are able to be specified on the ``:param`` line. More
complex types, such instances of classes defined by modules in the project must
be defined on a separate line using a dedicated ``:type`` annotation. See the
Sphinx documentation for the `Python Domain`_.

.. code-block:: rst

   :param foo: The widget this function uses.
   :type foo: :py:class:`~the_full.module_path_to.Foo`

CLI Arguments
-------------

For utilities which take arguments on the command line, the following default
values should be supported.

+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| Argument Flag        | Meaning                       |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| ``-h / --help``      | Display help information      |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| ``-v / --version``   | Display version information   |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| ``-V / --verbose`` * | Enable verbose output         |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+
| ``-L / --log`` *     | Set the log level to use      |
+----------------------+-------------------------------+

\* These values are optional, but should not be overridden.

Log Levels
----------
When logging messages, the following levels should be used as described.

CRITICAL
   Reserved for when an unrecoverable error has occurred that stops the
   application from running.

   Examples:

   * A required library, module or resource file is missing.
   * An unknown exception occurs which is raised to the main method of an
     application.

ERROR
   A recoverable error has occurred that stops the process from functioning as
   intended.

   Examples:

   * On a client, the user fails to authenticate successfully.
   * A network socket failed to connect to a server.

WARNING
   A recoverable error has occurred that does not stop the process from
   functioning as intended.

   Examples:

   * On a server, a user fails to authenticate successfully.
   * When information provided by the user is invalid and the user can be
     prompted for new information.

INFO
   High level information regarding what is happening in an application, should
   be use sparingly within loops.

   Examples:

   * Listing resources that are being loaded and processed.
   * The child pid when ``fork()`` is used.

DEBUG
   Low level information regarding what is happening in an application including
   the values of variables, this may be used more frequently within loops.

   Examples:

   * Printing identifying information for threads that are spawned.
   * Printing the value of arguments that are passed into functions.

.. _PEP-8: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
.. _Python Domain: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/domains.html#the-python-domain
.. _Sphinx: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/domains.html
