docs/source/development/versions_reference.rst, before:

Software Versions
=================

King Phisher development needs to track the support of critical libraries it
uses for compatibility purposes. This information is used to make decisions
regarding dropping support for legacy systems.

Python Packages Reference Table
-------------------------------

**Last Updated:** August 21\ :sup:`st`, 2019 by Erik Daguerre

+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Package                     | Reason                  | Pinned Version |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| graphene                    |                         | 2.1.8          |
|-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| graphene-sqlalchemy         | Holds graphql-relay     | 2.2.0          |
|                             | graphql-core <3         |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| grapohql-relay              | Highest version for     | 2.1.1          |
|                             | graphene-sqlalchemy     |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| matplotlib                  | Windows Build           | 2.2.4          |
|                             | Limitation              |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| cryptography                | Required by             | 2.2.4          |
|                             | Paramiko 2.60           |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| pyproj                      | Required by             | -----          |
|                             | basemaps                |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| pygobject                   | Required for gi/gtk     | -----          |
|                             |                         |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| psycopg2                    | Required by sqlalchmey  | -----          |
|                             |                         |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| markdown                    | Required by py-gfm      | 2.6.11         |
|                             | must be less then 3.0   |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| jsonschema                  | Minor unit tests        | 2.6.0          |
|                             | failures                |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+

Operating System Reference Table
--------------------------------

**Last Updated:** April 19\ :sup:`th`, 2019 by Spencer McIntyre

+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Flavor                      | Software                | Version        |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Backbox 5.1                 | GTK3                    | 3.18.9         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
|                             | Python3                 | 3.5.2          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Debian 7 (Wheezy)           | GTK3                    | 3.4.2          |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| May 4\ :sup:`th` 2013       | Python3                 | 3.2.3          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Debian 8 (Jessie)           | GTK3                    | 3.14.5         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| April 25\ :sup:`th` 2015    | Python3                 | 3.4.2          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Debian 9 (Stretch)          | GTK3                    | 3.22.11        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| June 17\ :sup:`th` 2017     | Python3                 | 3.5.3          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Debian 10 (Buster)          | GTK3                    | 3.22.29        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
|                             | Python3                 | 3.6.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 24                   | GTK3                    | 3.20.6         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| June 21\ :sup:`st` 2016     | Python3                 | 3.5.1          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 25                   | GTK3                    | 3.22.2         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| November 15\ :sup:`th` 2016 | Python3                 | 3.5.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 26                   | GTK3                    | 3.22.16        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| July 11\ :sup:`th` 2017     | Python3                 | 3.6.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 27                   | GTK3                    | 3.22.24        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| November 14\ :sup:`th` 2017 | Python3                 | 3.6.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 28                   | GTK3                    | 3.22.30        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| May 1\ :sup:`st` 2018       | Python3                 | 3.6.5          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 29                   | GTK3                    | 3.24.1         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| October 30\ :sup:`th` 2018  | Python3                 | 3.7.0          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Kali Rolling                | GTK3                    | 3.22.29        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
|                             | Python3                 | 3.7.2 :sup:`1` |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Ubuntu 14.04 (Trusty)       | GTK3                    | 3.10.8         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| April 17\ :sup:`th` 2014    | Python3                 | 3.4.3          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Ubuntu 16.04 (Xenial)       | GTK3                    | 3.18.9         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| April 21\ :sup:`st` 2016    | Python3                 | 3.5.2          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Windows                     | GTK3                    | 3.18.9         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
|                             | Python3                 | 3.4.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+

:sup:`1` Kali Rolling is continuously updated. The version number noted was
accurate as of the last time this document was updated.

Information Sources
-------------------

Debian
~~~~~~

Search using `packages.debian.com`_.

Fedora
~~~~~~

.. code-block:: shell

   # use koji
   sudo dnf install koji
   # check the version of GTK3 for Fedora24
   koji latest-pkg --all f24 | grep -i gtk3

Windows
~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: shell

   # run KingPhisher in debug mode
   cd king-phisher
   python KingPhisher -L DEBUG
   # The first 7 lines of out put will contain gi.repository version information.
   # Get python version
   python --version

.. _packages.debian.com: https://packages.debian.org/search

Commit message:

Added Numpy Pipfile requirement + version ref reason

docs/source/development/versions_reference.rst, after:

Software Versions
=================

King Phisher development needs to track the support of critical libraries it
uses for compatibility purposes. This information is used to make decisions
regarding dropping support for legacy systems.

Python Packages Reference Table
-------------------------------

**Last Updated:** November 21\ :sup:`st`, 2019 by Mike Stringer

+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Package                     | Reason                  | Pinned Version |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| graphene                    |                         | 2.1.8          |
|-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| graphene-sqlalchemy         | Holds graphql-relay     | 2.2.0          |
|                             | graphql-core <3         |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| grapohql-relay              | Highest version for     | 2.1.1          |
|                             | graphene-sqlalchemy     |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| numpy                       | Required by basemap but | 1.16.4         |
|                             | not preinstalled by pip |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| matplotlib                  | Windows Build           | 2.2.4          |
|                             | Limitation              |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| cryptography                | Required by             | 2.2.4          |
|                             | Paramiko 2.60           |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| pyproj                      | Required by             | -----          |
|                             | basemaps                |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| pygobject                   | Required for gi/gtk     | -----          |
|                             |                         |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| psycopg2                    | Required by sqlalchmey  | -----          |
|                             |                         |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| markdown                    | Required by py-gfm      | 2.6.11         |
|                             | must be less then 3.0   |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| jsonschema                  | Minor unit tests        | 2.6.0          |
|                             | failures                |                |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+

Operating System Reference Table
--------------------------------

**Last Updated:** April 19\ :sup:`th`, 2019 by Spencer McIntyre

+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Flavor                      | Software                | Version        |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Backbox 5.1                 | GTK3                    | 3.18.9         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
|                             | Python3                 | 3.5.2          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Debian 7 (Wheezy)           | GTK3                    | 3.4.2          |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| May 4\ :sup:`th` 2013       | Python3                 | 3.2.3          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Debian 8 (Jessie)           | GTK3                    | 3.14.5         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| April 25\ :sup:`th` 2015    | Python3                 | 3.4.2          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Debian 9 (Stretch)          | GTK3                    | 3.22.11        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| June 17\ :sup:`th` 2017     | Python3                 | 3.5.3          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Debian 10 (Buster)          | GTK3                    | 3.22.29        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
|                             | Python3                 | 3.6.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 24                   | GTK3                    | 3.20.6         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| June 21\ :sup:`st` 2016     | Python3                 | 3.5.1          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 25                   | GTK3                    | 3.22.2         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| November 15\ :sup:`th` 2016 | Python3                 | 3.5.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 26                   | GTK3                    | 3.22.16        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| July 11\ :sup:`th` 2017     | Python3                 | 3.6.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 27                   | GTK3                    | 3.22.24        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| November 14\ :sup:`th` 2017 | Python3                 | 3.6.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 28                   | GTK3                    | 3.22.30        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| May 1\ :sup:`st` 2018       | Python3                 | 3.6.5          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Fedora 29                   | GTK3                    | 3.24.1         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| October 30\ :sup:`th` 2018  | Python3                 | 3.7.0          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Kali Rolling                | GTK3                    | 3.22.29        |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
|                             | Python3                 | 3.7.2 :sup:`1` |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Ubuntu 14.04 (Trusty)       | GTK3                    | 3.10.8         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| April 17\ :sup:`th` 2014    | Python3                 | 3.4.3          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Ubuntu 16.04 (Xenial)       | GTK3                    | 3.18.9         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
| April 21\ :sup:`st` 2016    | Python3                 | 3.5.2          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+
| Windows                     | GTK3                    | 3.18.9         |
|                             +-------------------------+----------------+
|                             | Python3                 | 3.4.4          |
+-----------------------------+-------------------------+----------------+

:sup:`1` Kali Rolling is continuously updated. The version number noted was
accurate as of the last time this document was updated.

Information Sources
-------------------

Debian
~~~~~~

Search using `packages.debian.com`_.

Fedora
~~~~~~

.. code-block:: shell

   # use koji
   sudo dnf install koji
   # check the version of GTK3 for Fedora24
   koji latest-pkg --all f24 | grep -i gtk3

Windows
~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: shell

   # run KingPhisher in debug mode
   cd king-phisher
   python KingPhisher -L DEBUG
   # The first 7 lines of out put will contain gi.repository version information.
   # Get python version
   python --version

.. _packages.debian.com: https://packages.debian.org/search
