docs/source/king_phisher/constants.rst, before:

:mod:`constants`
================

.. module:: constants
   :synopsis:

Classes
-------

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.constants.ConstantGroup
   :members:
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_AUTHENTICATION_FAILED
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_CONNECTION
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_INCOMPATIBLE_VERSIONS
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_INVALID_CREDENTIALS
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_INVALID_OTP
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_PORT_FORWARD
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_UNKNOWN
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.SUCCESS

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.constants.OSArch
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSArch.PPC
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSArch.X86
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSArch.X86_64

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.ANDROID
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.BLACKBERRY
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.IOS
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.LINUX
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.OSX
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.WINDOWS

Commit message:

Add some descriptive sentences for module documentation

docs/source/king_phisher/constants.rst, after:

:mod:`constants`
================

.. module:: constants
   :synopsis:

This module keeps collections of related constants organized for use in other
modules.

Classes
-------

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.constants.ConstantGroup
   :members:
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_AUTHENTICATION_FAILED
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_CONNECTION
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_INCOMPATIBLE_VERSIONS
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_INVALID_CREDENTIALS
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_INVALID_OTP
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_PORT_FORWARD
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.ERROR_UNKNOWN
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.ConnectionErrorReason.SUCCESS

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.constants.OSArch
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSArch.PPC
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSArch.X86
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSArch.X86_64

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.ANDROID
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.BLACKBERRY
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.IOS
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.LINUX
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.OSX
.. autoattribute:: king_phisher.constants.OSFamily.WINDOWS
