docs/source/king_phisher/utilities.rst, before:

:mod:`utilities`
================

.. module:: utilities
   :synopsis:

Functions
---------

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.argp_add_args

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.assert_arg_type

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.configure_stream_logger

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.datetime_local_to_utc

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.datetime_utc_to_local

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.format_datetime

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.is_valid_email_address

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.is_valid_ip_address

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.open_uri

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.parse_datetime

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.random_string

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.random_string_lower_numeric

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.start_process

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.switch

Classes
-------

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.utilities.FreezableDict
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.utilities.Mock
   :show-inheritance:

Commit message:

Add additional module descriptions to the docs

docs/source/king_phisher/utilities.rst, after:

:mod:`utilities`
================

.. module:: utilities
   :synopsis:

This module collects various useful utility functions that are used throughout
the application.

Functions
---------

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.argp_add_args

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.assert_arg_type

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.configure_stream_logger

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.datetime_local_to_utc

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.datetime_utc_to_local

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.format_datetime

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.is_valid_email_address

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.is_valid_ip_address

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.open_uri

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.parse_datetime

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.random_string

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.random_string_lower_numeric

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.start_process

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.utilities.switch

Classes
-------

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.utilities.FreezableDict
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.utilities.Mock
   :show-inheritance:
