docs/source/king_phisher/client/graphs.rst, before:

:mod:`client.graphs`
====================

.. module:: client.graphs
   :synopsis:

Data
----

.. autodata:: king_phisher.client.graphs.has_matplotlib

.. autodata:: king_phisher.client.graphs.has_matplotlib_basemap

Functions
---------

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.graphs.export_graph_provider

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.graphs.get_graph

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.graphs.get_graphs

Classes
-------

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraph
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphMessageResults
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphOverview
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphPasswordComplexityPie
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitorInfo
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitorInfoPie
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitsMap
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitsMapUSA
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitsMapWorld
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitsTimeline
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

Commit message:

Add additional module descriptions to the docs

docs/source/king_phisher/client/graphs.rst, after:

:mod:`client.graphs`
====================

.. module:: client.graphs
   :synopsis:

This module provides the functionality to support the client application's
graphing capabilities.

Data
----

.. autodata:: king_phisher.client.graphs.has_matplotlib

.. autodata:: king_phisher.client.graphs.has_matplotlib_basemap

Functions
---------

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.graphs.export_graph_provider

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.graphs.get_graph

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.graphs.get_graphs

Classes
-------

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraph
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphMessageResults
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphOverview
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphPasswordComplexityPie
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitorInfo
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitorInfoPie
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitsMap
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitsMapUSA
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitsMapWorld
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.graphs.CampaignGraphVisitsTimeline
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:
