docs/source/king_phisher/client/gui_utilities.rst, before:

:mod:`client.gui_utilities`
===========================

.. module:: client.gui_utilities
   :synopsis:

Data
----

.. autodata:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.GOBJECT_PROPERTY_MAP
   :annotation:

Functions
---------

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.glib_idle_add_wait

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gobject_get_value

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gobject_signal_blocked

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_calendar_get_pydate

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_calendar_set_pydate

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_list_store_search

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_menu_position

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_style_context_get_color

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_sync

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_treesortable_sort_func_numeric

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_treeview_selection_to_clipboard

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_treeview_set_column_titles

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_widget_destroy_children

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_exc_socket_error

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_error

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_info

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_warning

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_yes_no

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.which_glade

Classes
-------

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.CellRendererTextBytes
   :show-inheritance:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.FileChooser
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.FileMonitor
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.GladeGObject
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

Commit message:

Add additional module descriptions to the docs

docs/source/king_phisher/client/gui_utilities.rst, after:

:mod:`client.gui_utilities`
===========================

.. module:: client.gui_utilities
   :synopsis:

This module provides various utility functions specific to the graphical nature
of the client application.

Data
----

.. autodata:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.GOBJECT_PROPERTY_MAP
   :annotation:

Functions
---------

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.glib_idle_add_wait

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gobject_get_value

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gobject_signal_blocked

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_calendar_get_pydate

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_calendar_set_pydate

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_list_store_search

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_menu_position

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_style_context_get_color

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_sync

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_treesortable_sort_func_numeric

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_treeview_selection_to_clipboard

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_treeview_set_column_titles

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.gtk_widget_destroy_children

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_exc_socket_error

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_error

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_info

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_warning

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.show_dialog_yes_no

.. autofunction:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.which_glade

Classes
-------

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.CellRendererTextBytes
   :show-inheritance:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.FileChooser
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.FileMonitor
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. autoclass:: king_phisher.client.gui_utilities.GladeGObject
   :show-inheritance:
   :members:
   :special-members: __init__
   :undoc-members:
